power
innovation performance words that
distinguish Formula One racing the most
prestigious and high-tech racing series
on the planet Experian is proud to
sponsor Williams martini racing a
legendary racing team that has produced
16 formula one world championship titles
like Williams martini racing experian is
a champion we have harnessed the power
of big data for our clients for over 30
years and like the competitors in
Formula One we must constantly improve
than adapt to changing technology year
after year in f1 innovation and
engineering expertise is used to create
the world's fastest and most powerful
cars in the same way Experian experts
gather and apply analytics to produce
winning business insights in f1 racing
safety requires constant vigilance it is
ensured by a team of Master engineers
that will scrutinize every detail to
guarantee the integrity of the car and
the safety of the driver likewise
Experian knows that the safety and
integrity of the data we gather is at
the core of the reputation we have
earned
trust means never taking success for
granted in business as in racing we are
measured by our track record the racing
world recognizes Williams martini racing
as a leader and Experian is recognized
as a trusted provider of big data and
predictive analytics Experian and the
power of information delivering the
power behind business
you